---
layout: post
title: "Governance Working Group Update"
author: Nell Shamrell-Harrington
team: the Governance WG <https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance>
---

Hello everyone! Two weeks ago the governance working group met. Here are the large issues we discussed and information on our next meeting.

*Edit:* This post was prepared last week but was accidentally not merged. Apologies for the short notice about the topic of this week's meeting! --nikomatsakis 

## Large Issues Discussed

 We reviewed the [current governance RFC](https://rust-lang.github.io/rfcs/1068-rust-governance.html) and noted governance items that have been added since the RFC was written. We also noted things that have changed or have just not happened, as well as things that could be improved. Please see the [full notes](https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/blob/master/minutes/2019.11.19.md) for more details.

## Next Meeting

Next meeting will be at **22:00 UTC on Tuesday, December 3** and will be focused on the need for a [GitHub Access Policy](https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/4).

We'd like to encourage anyone who's interested, regardless of their
previous experience to come to the `#wg-governance`
channel on Discord to attend the meeting. (Our meetings are done over a video
call with Zoom, but we use the Discord channel to organise ourselves).

If there are other issues you would like to see us discuss or discuss with us, please mention them in a comment on [this GitHub issue](https://github.com/rust-lang/wg-governance/issues/29).
